Add the correct target for the CPU backend (#355)
codeplaysoftware/sycl-blas: README.md

## Setup

**IMPORTANT NOTE:** The `TARGET` CMake variable is no more supported, it has
been replaced by `TUNING_TARGET`, which accepts the same options.

> `TUNING_TARGET` does not effect compilation, but only the tuning configuration.

Reviewer: I don't understand why we say that `TUNING_TARGET` doesn't affect compilation. It is still used to determine which file to include in level 2 or 3 [backend.hpp](https://github.com/codeplaysoftware/sycl-blas/blob/master/src/interface/blas3/backend/backend.hpp). I think you want to say that it is not affecting the sycl target anymore. I'm not sure it's worth explaining that, we could just say that `TARGET` is not supported.
Same comment for `ConfigureSYCLBLAS.cmake`.

Reviewer 2: Good point!

## Setup

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** The `TARGET` CMake variable is no more supported, it has

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**IMPORTANT NOTE:** The `TARGET` CMake variable is no longer supported. It has
```

been replaced by `TUNING_TARGET`, which accepts the same options.

> `TUNING_TARGET` effects only the tuning configuration, no more the target

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`TUNING_TARGET` affects only the tuning configuration and has no effect on the target
```

Reviewer 3: I got confused with the wording here. I think this should make it a bit more clear.

Reviewer 2: Sure, thanks @fabiomestre!

cmake -GNinja ../ -DSYCL_COMPILER=dpcpp
ninja
```
The target triplet can be set by adding `-DDPCPP_SYCL_TARGET=<triplet>`. If it

> is not set, the default values is `spir64_x86_64-unknown-unknown`, which targets

Author: I think we should change the default target to - spir64-unknown-unknown to be consistent with what DPCPP specifies: 
`spir64 - this is the default generic SPIR-V target;`

Reviewer 2: I did it in the last commits.

the CPU. Other possible triplets targeting GPUs are: `spir64-unknown-unknown`
(Intel), `nvptx64-nvidia-cuda` (Nvidia), and `amdgcn-amd-amdhsa` (AMD).

> If building for NVIDIA or AMD devices, it is advisable to specify the actual

Author: We can call it as advisable for nvidia but required for AMD.

Reviewer 2: I rephrased the sentence.
